README.md, before:

# EC-DSLIDE

Electric Flow DSL web-based editor and runner

The DSL IDE is an ElectricFlow plugin.  The plugin jar file is located in the 'out' directory. Once installed, the "DSL IDE" tab will appear on the ElectricCommander page.  It may be necessary to login to the Commander server again when launching the IDE.  Select the question mark icon for help.

This tool was developed during and Electric Cloud hackathon in August 2015.  While we feel it is useful in its current form, it is provided "as is" with no commitment to further support.  Please feel free to offer suggestions in the form of Github project "Issues" and we or others in the Github community will try to address them.

## Support information
This tool has had very little testing.  It was developed with the ElectricFlow SDK 6.0.

Seem to work fine on Chrome and Firefox.  It does not seem to run on Internet Explorer.

## Acknowledgements
This tool was build on top of https://github.com/codemirror/CodeMirror.  We greatly appreciate the contributions of the authors of Codemirror.

Commit message:

add restapi.conf file and README instructions

README.md, after:

# EC-DSLIDE

Electric Flow DSL web-based editor and runner

The DSL IDE is an ElectricFlow plugin.  The plugin jar file is located in the 'out' directory. Once installed, the "DSL IDE" tab will appear on the ElectricCommander page.  It may be necessary to login to the Commander server again when launching the IDE.  Select the question mark icon for help.

This tool was developed during and Electric Cloud hackathon in August 2015.  While we feel it is useful in its current form, it is provided "as is" with no commitment to further support.  Please feel free to offer suggestions in the form of Github project "Issues" and we or others in the Github community will try to address them.

## Support information
This tool has had very little testing.  It was developed with the ElectricFlow SDK 6.0.

The tool uses the ElectricFlow REST API.  Some users have experienced problems accessing the REST documentation and API; the workaround is to place the file restapi.conf (in the same directory as this README file) in the ElectricFlow Apache conf/conf.d directory and restart the commanderApache service.

Seem to work fine on Chrome and Firefox.  It does not seem to run on Internet Explorer.

## Acknowledgements
This tool was build on top of https://github.com/codemirror/CodeMirror.  We greatly appreciate the contributions of the authors of Codemirror.
